README.md, before:

# hello-express

A server that serves a webpage, its resources, and some data


## Your Project

On the front-end,

- Edit `views/index.html` to change the content of the webpage
- `public/client.js` is the javacript that runs when you load the webpage
- `public/style.css` is the styles for `views/index.html`
- Drag in `assets`, like images or music, to add them to your project

On the back-end,

- your app starts at `server.js`
- add frameworks and packages in `package.json`
- safely store app secrets in `.env` (nobody can see this but you and people you invite)

Click `Show` in the header to see your app live. Updates to your code will instantly deploy.


## Made by [Glitch](https://glitch.com/)

**Glitch** is the friendly community where you'll build the app of your dreams. Glitch lets you instantly create, remix, edit, and host an app, bot or site, and you can invite collaborators or helpers to simultaneously edit code with you.

Find out more [about Glitch](https://glitch.com/about).

( ᵔ ᴥ ᵔ )

Commit message:

Import of SudhanPlayz/Discord-MusicBot

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center"><img src="./assets/Music.gif" width="30px"> Advanced Discord Music Bot <img src="./assets/Music.gif" width="30px"></h1>
<p align="center">Thanks for 4k Views! I made this for you all!</p>
<div align="center"><img src="./assets/banner.gif"></div>

## 📝 Tutorial
Tutorial has been uploaded on YouTube <img src="https://www.youtube.com/about/static/svgs/icons/brand-resources/YouTube_icon_full-color.svg?cache=f2ec7a5" width="30px"> Watch it by clicking [here](https://youtu.be/DQXuTaYa31I)

## 📸 Screenshots

<div align="left"><img src="https://pika-pika.is-inside.me/zJduq9Gn.png"></div><div align="center"><img src="https://pika-pika.is-inside.me/9ufBoGDH.png"></div><div align="right"><img src="https://pika-pika.is-inside.me/8QkGROJv.png"></div>

## 💨 Run the projects
Glitch: [![Remix on Glitch](https://cdn.glitch.com/2703baf2-b643-4da7-ab91-7ee2a2d00b5b%2Fremix-button.svg)](https://glitch.com/edit/#!/import/github/SudhanPlayz/Discord-MusicBot)
Repl: [![Run on Repl.it](https://repl.it/badge/github/SudhanPlayz/Discord-MusicBot)](https://repl.it/github/SudhanPlayz/Discord-MusicBot)
Heroku: [![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/SudhanPlayz/Discord-MusicBot)
## ✨ Contributors
Contributions are always welcomed :D
<a href="https://github.com/SudhanPlayz/Discord-MusicBot/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contributors-img.web.app/image?repo=SudhanPlayz/Discord-MusicBot" />
</a>

Made with :heart: and JavaScript!
